#summary Status of the 1.8 version of the book.

= Version 1.8 Status =

There are no known major reorganizations required to update svnbook to cover Subversion 1.8.  C. Michael Pilato plans to take the following multi-step approach to the task:

== Step 1: Review Release Notes ==

The Subversion project's [http://subversion.apache.org/docs/release-notes/1.8.html release notes] are generally pretty good at pointing out subtle (and major) behavior changes.  Check these for stuff missed elsewhere, and file appropriately milestones issues for changes that need to be made.

== Step 2: Review Issues ==

Review outstanding [http://code.google.com/p/svnbook/issues/list?q=label:Milestone-en-1.8 issues] marked for closure in this version.

== Step 3: Read-thru ==

Full read-thru of the book, cover-to-cover, updating each of the following chapters for accuracy and coherancy:

 * Preface
 * Chapter 1. Fundamental Concepts
 * Chapter 2. Basic Usage
 * Chapter 3. Advanced Topics
 * Chapter 4. Branching and Merging
 * Chapter 5. Repository Administration
 * Chapter 6. Server Configuration
 * Chapter 7. Customizing Your Subversion Experience
 * Chapter 8. Embedding Subversion
 * Reference I. svn
 * Reference II. svnadmin
 * Reference III. svnlook
 * Reference IV. svnserve
 * Reference V. svnversion
 * Reference VI. svnsync
 * Reference VII. svnrdump
 * Reference VIII. svndumpfilter
 * Reference IX. svnmucc
 * Reference X. Repository Hook Scripts
 * Appendix A. Subversion Quick-Start Guide
 * Appendix B. Subversion for CVS Users
 * Appendix C. WebDAV and Autoversioning
 * ~~Appendix D. Copyright~~